herbs+mushroom+mix+minerials+magic items+mix,
herbs+mushroom+mix+herbs+magic item+mix,
herbs+mix+herbs+mix+minerals+mushroom+mix,
herbs+mix+mushroom+mix+magic item+minerals+mix,
herbs+minerals+mix+mix+minerals+magic item+mix,
herbs+mix+minerals+herbs+mix+herbs+mix,
herbs+mix+mushroom+minerals+magic item+minerals+mix,
mushroom+mix+herbs+minerals+mix+mushroom+mix,
mushroom+mix+herbs+magic item+mix+minerals+mix,
mushroom+mix+herbs+minerals+mix+magic item+mix,
mushroom+mix+mushroom+minerals+herbs+magic item+mix,
mushroom+mix+minerals+mix+hers+magic item+mix,
mushroom+mix+minerals+mix+magic item+herbs+mix,
mushroom+herbs+mix+minerals+mix+magic item+mix,
minerals+mix+herbs+mix+mushroom+magic item+mix,
minerals+mix+herbs+mix+magic item+mushroom+mix,
minerals+mix+mushroom+minerals+herbs+magic item+mix
minerals+mix+herbs+magic item+mushroom+minerals+mix,
minerals+mix+mushroom+minerals+herbs+magic item+mix,
minerals+mushroom+herbs+mix+magic item+minerals+mix,
minerals+herbs+mushroom+mix+herbs+magic item+mix,
magic item+mix+herbs+mix+minerals+magic item+mix,
magic item+mix+herbs+magic item+mix+minerals+mix,
magic item+mix +herbs+mix+minerals+mushroom+mix,
magic item+mix+mushroom+minerals+mix+magic item+mix,
magic item+mix+minerals+herbs+mix+magic item+mix,
magic item+herbs+mushroom+herbs+mix+magic item+mix,
magic item+mix+minerals+mushroom+mix+herbs+mix,