herbs+magic item+mushroom+mix,
herbs+magic item+minerals+mix,
herbs+mushroom+magic item+mix,
herbs+mushroom+minerals+mix,
herbs+minerals+magic item+mix,
herbs+minerals+mushroom+mix,
mushroom+herbs+minerals+mix,
mushroom+herbs+magic item+mix,
mushroom+minerals+magic item+mix,
mushroom+minerals+herbs+mix,
mushroom+magic item+herbs+mix,
mushroom+magic item+mushroom+mix,
mushroom+magic item+minerals+mix,
mushroom+magic item+mushroom+mix,
magic item+herbs+mushroom+mix,
magic item+herbs+minerals+mix,
magic item+mushroom+minerals+mix,
magic item+mushroom+herbs+mix,
magic item+mushroom+magic item+mix,
magic item+minerals+herbs+mix,
magic item+minerals+mushroom+mix,
minerals+herbs+mushroom+mix,
minerals+herbs+magic item+mix,
minerals+herbs+minerals+mix,
minerals+mushroom+magic item+mix,
minerals+mushroom+herbs+mix,
minerals+magic item+mushroom+mix
minerals+magic item+herbs+mix